{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 CanReg5 Changelog\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.44d\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug related to answering \u8216'no\u8217' to \u8216'really close?\u8217' for record with changes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.44c\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug in recording of unknown dates.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.44b\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Table builder is now compatible with latest version of R. (4.0.0)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Population data sets with different reference populations are not compatible.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added Ruby script to recode variables in a CSV file.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added help files to scripts.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.44\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Table Builder:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Data visualizations in R are now translated to Russian, Spanish and Portuguese.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab As usual, defaults to English if no language is available.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Web browser based interactive analysis (\u8220"Shiny builder\u8221") is now out of its BETA phase.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Update to CI5XI for comparison.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Progress bar added for launching R/installing packages on Windows systems.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Fixed a bug with \u8220"total population\u8221" being unisex.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab ICCC table added to report.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Import/export system.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Digit rounding fix.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Harmonization of labels in conf files.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Population datasets are now sorted by name in Table Builder.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Updated list of R packages needed.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Memory leaks fixed. (With Betty Carballo and Patricio Carranza.)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Remote sessions are automatically logged out if connection drops.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Warning message when trying to add duplicate short names of variables \u8211- also across tables.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where existing source records could disappear during import.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added a very simple ADHOC database XML for data analysis/quality control.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added database variable name in the variables association panel.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a possible user interface freeze if entering incorrect dates.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Basic support for non-Gregorian dates added.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Rcan updated to 1.3.71\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added a jRuby script to generate ICCC and ICD10 based on ICD-O-3 without launching CanReg5.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added a Ruby script to split source records to facilitate migration from flat databases to CanReg5.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab jcalendar updated\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Various fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.43b\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated the install_packages script.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Language codes sent to R scripts.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Various fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.43\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Analysis features updated in collaboration with Mathieu Laversanne:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Replaced ReportR with Officer for generating docx and pptx documents. (This should take care of troubles related to the different architecture of R/Java.)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Web based data analysis functionality added using the Shiny R library. (This functionality is still at a BETA stage.)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Fixed various data visualizations (pies, \u8230?)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Fixed CI5 and DQ table\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Empty values accepted in analytical files.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Male breast cancer into account in rapport generator/other visualizations.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Rcan updated.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed bug in file copy during restore from backup for some users with non-Latin character sets.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed bug with headless splash screen.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Import now works for databases that do not collect ICCC.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Simple (one level) dictionaries can now allow varying code lengths.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab When encrypting your database you can specify the length of the key and algorithm (AES/DES) used for improved security.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Population dataset batch import/export added.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab RMI now uses a fixed port for communication.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.42\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Analysis features updated in collaboration with Mathieu Laversanne:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Default report for further editing in Word or similar added.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Template system implemented.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Default slide deck for further editing in Power Point or similar added.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Updated and harmonized look of most data visualizations.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab New visualizations added.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Log files for analysis improved.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Changed all .R references in CanReg code and conf files to .r. (This improves Linux/Mac compatibility.)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated the R package installer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Created an installer that comes with bundled R packages for the latest version of R (Currently 3.4.2).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab R packages that CanReg5 uses are installed in a separate folder among the user\u8217's R libs so that we have more control over packages we use.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab R script to clean the folder for R packages added.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab ICD-O-3 1st revision is now implemented in the checks and conversions by translating and adapting Jacques Ferlay\u8217's C++-code and tables.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab New codes are added to the dictionaries when setting up a new CanReg5 system. Existing users must add the codes manually if desired.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Added a default dictionary of morphological codes on 5 characters.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Default labels harmonized with http://codes.iarc.fr .\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved messages from Topography and Morphology checks.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Big parts of importing/exporting rewritten using an updated Java CSV library.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Users can save and load population datasets to and from (JSON) files.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab SEER stat integration improved.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab CanReg specific DD file compatibility. (Requires SEER*prep from August 2017 or newer.)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Vital Status and Grade (if collected and configured in CanReg XML) properly exported\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Users can choose English/Short/Standard labels instead of the full variable names as labels for data entry forms, as well as in the variable chooser (Export/frequencies etc.).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug in the list of defined servers during login that occurred sometimes when users had more than a certain number defined.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Files generated (either by exporting or saving tables in frequencies by year) now open in the associated software automatically.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed off by one error when counting cases to be imported.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fix bug where ICCC codes were not generated during import.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updates to the Russian translation by Anton Ryzhov.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Some updates to the French translation by Eric Masuyer.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Java Runtime Environment (JRE) 8 is now required.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Stability improvements.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.41b\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed bug in generation of variables list if source table contains more fields than patient table.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.41\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab New data entry form. (Developed in collaboration with Betty Carballo and Patricio Carranza.)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Ability to enable/disble new data entry form in Options.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Removed latest news since Twitter no longer allows access to their API as RSS.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved layout for login and welcome screens for big fonts.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated Spanish translation.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated JavaDB to version 10.13.1.1.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Small fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.40\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Date format for data entry can now be chosen at user level. (Under \u8220"Options\u8221".)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added detection of uninstallation/reinstallation/updates of R/GS software.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved year selection in table builder.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated R libraries and R script for installation of those.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Character separated file extension now defaults to CSV even for tab separated files.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added another common population format for children ([0,5>,[5,10>,[10,15>).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug in that hindered user setting number of cancers in top N cancer trends. (R tables configuration files.)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated Spanish translation.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Various fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.39\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Users can now perform \u8220"Exact search\u8221" while entering a new case.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab System definition files are now always saved in UTF-8.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab [ModifuDatabaseStructureInternalFrame] Save button now disabled while saving a file.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Slight restructure of the main menus to make them more consistent.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Options are now always visible - even when not logged in.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Migrate from CR4 is a separate sub-menu under Tools.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Import under data entry always wants data in CR5 format, the CR4 import function is under Tools->Migrate from CR4.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Enter now skips to next field during data entry.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug in the filter wizard where it would not pick up the change of table when changing to a join of all three tables.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where the date was sometimes not saved if it was unparsable.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Frequencies by year now does not allow selection of patients or sources alone.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Range and filters now work again when selecting only Tumour table in frequencies by year.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where pie-charts and bar-charts would not be generated if any cases were recorded with unknown sex codes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Versioning system changed from Mercurial to Git.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Better handling of Unicode characters in output files.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other improvements.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.38\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved handling of non-standard database filenames.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved error messages.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Escaped character in export file header\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other bugfixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.37\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug in the Date of Last contact check introduced in the previous version.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where updates to Source records were sometimes not imported.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other minor fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.36\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug occurring in some tables if the decimal point was not \u8216'.\u8217' (ie. Russian locale.)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Saving frequency tables now also produces pivot tables.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Hid \u8220"Other\u8221" age group structure button.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Unknown age code is now dynamic.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab DLC check now with improved handling of unknown dates.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Allow a lenience for a date being prior to another date in the case of unknown dates.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab DateHelper function \u8220"years between\u8221" two dates now takes better into account unknown dates.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other minor fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.35\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug in the import of datasets split in three tables where sometimes not all cases were imported.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.34\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed (Temporarily) the Age-Specific Time Trends script. (It now computes rates/trends for age groups >=40 and for all sites together only)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where some non-Latin characters were not exported correctly, but showed up as question-marks. Now properly implemented as unicode (UTF-8).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug related to import of patients with multiple tumours.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Turkish translation updated.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other minor fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.33\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Corrected the Age Specific Rates script (was generating fake values, used for graphs, when exporting as CSV)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Removes the double extension from output files if HTML is selected (e.g.\u160?test.html.html)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added SVG saving option to the Top Cancers Barchart script\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved Population Pyramid script\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added some more default age group structures. (Cut off at 70 and 60.)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added Beta Version of Time Trends (Age Specific) + Other functions\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Temporarily removed values in barchart (bug)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other minor fixes\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.32\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Time trends added.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab CI5editorial tables added as an analysis option.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab AgeSpecificRatesTopX table now sorts cancers by ASR.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Poplation pyramid improved.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab ASR Top Cancers bar chart added.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where ASR was by 1.000.000 instead of 100.000 in the charts of top 10 cancers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where R would not be called in the background on Linux/OSX.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved the handling of obsolete cases in analysis.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved the handling of pending/deleted/duplicate cases in analysis.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab All sites but skin added to quality indicators.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added truncation by age groups.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Changed the way external programs are called. (Now calling with an array of strings instead of calling with just a string.) This solves problems on Mac and Linux, and improves security on Windows.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other updates to the R scripts/analytical functions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated the code for barcharts and piecharts to take into account upcoming changes to ggplot.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Russian translation updated.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other minor fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.31\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Age specific rates for top X cancer sites figure added (SA).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Data Quality table added (SA).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated other R scripts.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added functionality to distribute R packages for CanReg5.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Table Header and Table Label now passed as arguments to the R scripts.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved detection of lines in output from R.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab R now only installs needed dependencies - not recommended ones.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Exportizer path added to options.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other minor fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.30\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where some times a record would be locked and inaccessible after creating a new record specifying the ID.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Cleaned some code.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other minor fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.29\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved handling of patients missing tumour records.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved functionality for user created table definitions and R scripts.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved readability of some text on screen.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other minor fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.28\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved handling of separating characters within strings while exporting data.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Reference population now displayed on Age Specific Rates per 100.000 table.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added a new age group structure.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Changed an inconsistency in the way that age group structures were displayed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other minor fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.27\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab The latest Java update (7u21 and 6u45) broke CanReg5 integration of R and GS due to a new restriction in spaces in file names. This is a quick work around that solves the problem on Windows machines, in most languages (including Spanish, Portuguese, and English).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug in the testScript.r where generate SVG or PNG did not work.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.26\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab CanRegDAO should now be more thread safe.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved the connection to SEER*stat.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated some R scripts.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab When restoring from backup, CanReg5 now always renames existing folders and files instead of overwriting them.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added Lastcontact and Vital Status to the SEERprep.conf file.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Handbook: Updated to a more compact book layout.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Handbook: Fixed some lines/graphics that went into the margins.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab \u8220"Latest news\u8221" now working again. (The down time was due to a change in Twitters API.)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other minor fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.25\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab R script generated by CanReg5 now functions like the R scripts in the script folder by cat\u8217'ing out the file names generated. CanReg then reads from a report file instead of STOUT to decide on files generated by R.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved the \u8220"makeSureGgplot2IsInstalled.R\u8221" script by changing the repo to a dynamic one and the installation of packages to local folder more explicit.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Made the export window more dynamic.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug in the range filter panel occuring when the list of previous filters was missing.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Started migrating away from the Swing Application Framework.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated many libraries.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.24\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed an error in ggplot pie charts occuring if any category had a 0 count.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated: The latest ggplot2 no longer allows options(title="\u8220"), but needs labs(title=\u8221"").\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved error handling in the population dataset editor.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Modify Database Structure: Short name of new variables no longer default to \u8220"Default name\u8221" and there is now a check to see if they are empty before saving.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug occuring when selecting no standard variable.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Turkish translation partially done.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other fixes\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.23\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed bug occuring when top or morph did not have the appropriate length in the ICD03 to 10 module.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug in the import function where the character set of the imported files were sometimes not taken into consideration.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug in the person search where weights of the links were not taken into account.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug occurring when a short name of a variable was a registered word.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other bug fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.22\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where the browser didn\u8217't work without a filter/range. (Added too many parentheses in last update.)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab New tables added. Previews updated.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab \u8220"Top10\u8221" and \u8220"Cases by age group\u8221" charts can now be generated using R (with ggplot).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Generators for R and JChart implemented plus helper functions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab A builder for R files added.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab \u8220"makeSureGgplot2IsInstalled\u8221" script added.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added some static paths to the globals.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added chart-type, file-type, count-type, and sex-labels to table builder interface.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other bug fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.21\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Cases by age group Pie and Bar charts added.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Top 10 cancer sites can now also be represented as bar a chart.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added a write to PDF function to the built in canreg5 chart viewer.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab PDSEditor: \u8220"Save as new\u8221" button added as suggested by Max Parkin.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab If user enter name of PDS in standard format (Name, Year), the date is automatically filled/suggested.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Removed the rates from the Cases table.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Legends are now optional in charts - and definable in the .conf file associated with the table.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab The user can now copy the data behind the charts in the chartviewer to clipboard, ready to be pasted into general spread sheets, ie excel.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Charts can now directly be written as csv files.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added some parentheses to account for ORs in filters.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug in the top 10 cancers tables where sites with the same numbers of cases led to dropped data.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab AgeSpecificCases tables no longer counts all D\u8217's into Others & Unspecified.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Upgraded JFreeChart to 1.00.14 and JCommons to 1.00.17.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Upgraded OpenCSV to version 2.3.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved the colours of the top N Bar Chart.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated the top10bar preview image.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated the counting and grouping algorithm of ICD10 codes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Internationalized some strings.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.20\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab The display now refreshes after removing a variable in the tool to edit the database structure.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Export now takes into account UTF-8 characters.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Some tables, previously only available as PS, now also available as PDFs (if GhostScript is installed).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Data entry forms can now be written as a PDF.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved detection of R-path and added GhostScript-path.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a problem with blancs in the path of PS tables.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.19\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a potential null-pointer in the table builder if people wanted to use the filter wizard.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added JRuby helper scripts to use the CanReg5 conversions and grouping functionality on data not from CanReg. (See handbook.)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Table builder now shows a warning if trying to build a table with no data.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a name error in the changelog. Gon\u65533?alo Lacerda translated CanReg5 to Portuguese from Portugal.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab ICD10 codes will be generated even when checks are not performed, potential null pointer error if no name field was defined fixed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated the handbook.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.18\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug in the pie chart builder where cancer groups with the same count of cases only counted once.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a potential null-pointer error while accessing the lock-file.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated the docs.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Various bug fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.17\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implemented a system to detect records not properly released from the server after an unclean break.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Tablebuilder can now build tables without denominators.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Users can now change the font and font size used in CanReg5.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Tablebuilder automatically guesses population datasets to use in analysis based on the date of the stored sets.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Database generator: Added user role column to the users table.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Migrator: Added a migrator to add user roles.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab A Grade Field variable can now be automatically filled from the 6th digit in the morphology part of the ICD-O-3 codes, like Behaviour.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved handling of null pointers in the system description editor.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where CanReg didn\u8217't launch if the working dir entry in the settings file was missing.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug related to country specific locales.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed bugs in the population dataset system.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Various bug fixes\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.16\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Portugese from Portugal added as langauge. (Thanks Gon\u65533?alo Lacerda)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Language chooser in Option Frame now only displays translated languages.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a potential null pointer error in the Population Datasets.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab DerbyDB engine updated to version 10.8.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Tidied some old properties files.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.15\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a nullpointer error in the rangefilter panel if the actionlistener had not been set.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.14\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed an import related bug where sometimes cases were missed during imort!\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab The browser sorts by default by Incidence Date/PatientID/SourceRecordID depending on tables shown.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated the doc.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other minor fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.13\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added functionality in the system definition editor to detect running databases and changes that impacts on the database structure and warns the user about that.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Reverted back to the old way of accessing the twitter rss feed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Logo updated.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated documentation and roadmap.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other bug fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.12\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Tables for \u8220"age specific cases per 100.000\u8221" and \u8220"age specific cases\u8221" can now be written to a character separated file and opened in general spreadsheets for further work.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Duplicate entries no longer show up in the list of favourite servers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added automatic verification of short name of variables (database variable name) in the system editor.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Better feedback while logging in. A progress bar shows up if things take long.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implemented a changelog-viewer to see what\u8217's new in the current version of CanReg.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated handbook.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated translations.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Various fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.11\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug in the topography/morphology check where too many rare cases were detected.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug in the table builder where text instead of numbers in age, sex, morphology, topography etc would break the table instead of give a warning.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added a warning message when using the \u8220"Overwrite\u8221" option during import.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where csvreader was attempted closed even when null.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where windows programs could\u8217't detect the line endings of exported files (case listings/dictionaries).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other minor fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.10\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implemented export facilities to get data in a fixed width file following the NAACR 1946 v11.3 format from CanReg to SEER{\i prep and then on to SEER}stat.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab System editor GUI is now using tabs to split up variables, dictionaries, groups, etc\u8230?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved scroll speed in system editor.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed bug in system editor where you needed to click several times on arrows if there were hidden variables involved.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where one couldn\u8217't add new variables after having removed some.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab After adding elements to the database structure editor the relevant editor opens.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Replaced the old Twitter RSS URL with a more generic one using the Twitter API.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated the French translation.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Optimized some code.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other bugfixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.09\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where the last character of some lines in the export file went missing.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where user couldn\u8217't save dictionary when a it only contained one entry.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where no error message was displayed when records were locked and tried to open.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Removed warning message if no encoding is detected for dictionary during import.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Removed most generic exceptions and replaced them with specific ones.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other bug fixes\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.08\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated topography and morphology check.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Patients comparator implemented.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Internationalized pop up menus.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added functionality to convert CanReg4 system definitions in batch mode using \u8211-corvert <.def-file> [encoding] as arguments.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated French translation.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated Chinese translation.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated Spanish translation.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Handbook is now using the book-layout (instead of article).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated about.html\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other small fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.07\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab The database can now be encrypted with 56-bit DES using a minimum 8 character long boot password. The user must then provide this password during every server launch.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab All server calls now handles server disconnects and requests users to log in again. This should end problems on laptops falling asleep.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab The CanReg server can now be launched in single user mode without RMI (network calls).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Launch server no longer hangs if XML contains an invalid standard variable name.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab More info shown about the database elements during migration/tailoring.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Person Search and duplicate search renamed to Duplicate Patient Search.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab New source added to tumour by default on creation of new tumour.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab PatientID shows up as a title of the recordeditor when the patient has been assigned an ID.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved the preview while importing data. Now properly supports other separating characters. No longer editable.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug in the logout mechanism that would not redraw the desktop after logout.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug in the dictionary editor where a series of only codes - no labels were accepted, but not added to the database.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved handling of already running servers while launching a new one.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab More consistent layout in the record editor.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab R table builder allows for null as pops or incs. Better handling of nullpointers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated the R test script.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Better exception handling.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Chinese translation started.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other bug fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.06\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implemented a table builder that calls R with any user specified standard variables.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab AgeSpecific incidence curves (linear and semi log) functionality implemented using R. (Thanks to Anahita Rahimi.)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab TableBuilder: user can now write many different file formats depending on what the various table builders support, PDF, PS, SVG, PNG, WMF, HTML etc.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab CanReg chart viewer implemented. Tables supporting this can be previewed directly in CanReg.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab You can now join all 3 tables in the browse/export/frequency tools.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved error messages when filters are incorrect.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Range can now be formed by any variables that is included in an index.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added code to migrate the database to 5.00.06 - add foreign keys etc. to speed up 3 way join\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed some bugs in the population pyramid where totals showed up as 0s and the population name contained the name of one year of the population data set.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where a resultset was not closed properly\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added functionality to create indexes and keys in a database.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added more variables to the import options.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implemented a simple pie chart of 10 most common cancers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implemented a system to copy graphics from (and to) CanReg.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab PopPyramid now allows editing of the chart and printing using the ChartPanel from JFreeChart with my added SVG writer using Batik.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab PDS editor now displays male blue and women red.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab FastFilter now clears the filter if user changes dictionary.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab TableBuilder: fixed a bug where pending cases would show up in some of the tables, improved the performance of the filter.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab TableBuilderInternalFrame can now call HTML writers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Check Topo/morpho no longer breaks down if Morpho don\u8217't have a 4 digit code, but rather returns an error message.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Password now kept as char array through the entire login process for security purposes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Using stringbuilders in CanRegDAO.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Special characters no longer show up in ICD10 codes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where comments in the ICD03to10 lookup file caused problems.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Path to R installation added to the Options Pane.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implemented automatic detection of (one of the) user\u8217's R installations.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab View work files now uses platform independent system calls to open the folder view.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab CheckResult.Missing not displayed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved the handling of deletion of source records.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Open backup folder now uses cross platform system calls.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Filter is now cleared in the dictionary element chooser after a selection has been made.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Mouse pointer also returns to normal if you view the charts in the built in chartviewer.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab common.Tools: better handling of null pointers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Created a TableBuilderFactory to encapsulate the definitions of the various table builders.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Refactored and tidied some code.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other bug fixes\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.05\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Translated to Spanish by Graciela Cristina Nicolas.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implemented Topography/Morphology check.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a memory leak during export.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Install new system definition frame now detects backups in the same folder as the XML to streamline the initial installation process.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Standard dictionaries are now filled with standard codes when the database is created.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab If you start CanReg with the registry code as argument it launches only this server - not the client.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated the Age/Morphology, Age/Topography, Grade checks.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where dates would not be reported as missing although flagged as mandatory variables.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implemented system to request focus after pop up menu.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab The user can now press \u8216'?\u8217' to get the dictionary chooser.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Browse and openFile updated. Now using java.awt.Desktop if possible - falling back on BareBonesBrowserLaunch if necessary.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated the BareBonesBrowserLaunch class.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab The panels are now using the interfaces instead of implementations.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added a tray icon to show that the CanReg server is running.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab A system for shutting down the server properly put in place.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab LoginInternalFrame: the Launch server button gets reactivated if you modify the server code.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab System Tray notifications and popups implemented.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Shows login frame after successfully installed system definition.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Internationalized the splash screen messages.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated the demo system, TRN.xml\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Javadoc expanded.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added some protection from nullpointers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added some tooltips.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Various fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.04\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed the \u8220"dropped result set while browsing\u8221" bug\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Population data set editor improved.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added pyramids directly in the editor for immediate feedback.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Population Pyramids in the PDS editor can now be saved as PNGs.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Copy and paste menu for the population data set implemented.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved layout of Export/report frame.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved the layout of the import screen. (Added a scrollbar.)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Registrar can no longer import files.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Copy and paste menu for (most) text fields implemented.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed bug in system description affecting text areas.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab CanReg launch4j project created to facilitate launch on Windows machines.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Started refactoring and updating tables and table builders.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Refactored the cachingtableapi out of the main canreg-tree.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Made sure old resultsets are properly dropped.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Import complete dictionary no longer shows message as error but warning when no encoding is detected.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab The list of Population Data Sets are now updated in real time if entries are added/updated or deleted.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Export of sources attached to a tumour table is now (properly) implemented.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Sources\u8217' variable names are now numbered if more than 2.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Integrated postcript-viewer test.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab TextArea of backupframe no longer editable.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Tidied some exception handling.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Tweaked the build.xml.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implemented a calculate age conversion.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Converter and checker now only depends on the standardvariablenames.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added code to select a specific data element from the variableschooserpanel.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Comments added.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Varions fixes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.03\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Turkish bug fixed. Changed all calls to toUpperCase() to a standardized static toUpperCaseStandardize() located in the Tool class. Default upper case and lower case locale set to ENGLISH.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Merged the handbook and the manual into one PDF that can be updated independent of the CanReg releases.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Frequencies by Year table can now be written to CSV file.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved the layout of the ExportFrame.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Export/report and Frequencies by year and now appends the .csv/.txt if the user does not specify this.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab DictionaryEntry can now be added to a tree to be sorted by either code or description.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab The dictionary chooser put in place. Users can now sort dictionary codes by either description or code.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implemented a filter for the dictionary element chooser using the Glazed Lists library http://sites.google.com/site/glazedlists/\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab DictionaryImporter: Fixed a bug that added a space to the label of dictioanries imported from CR4.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab GUI for the Index-editor implemented. Fixed an update-bug in the database structure editor.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where the range sometimes did not work when a join of two tables were accessed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Group name now shows up in group editor.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Import: performance fixes and tidied some code.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed some potential null-pointer errors.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed some localization issue.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Auto detection of file encoding now works.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab FastFilter now uses the new dictionary element chooser.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Removed the cancel option from \u8220"do you want to close\u8221"\u8230?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Logging more info if something goes wrong during login.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added an easy access list of tables.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added links to news items in the \u8220"latest news\u8221" browser.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug in the conversion from ICD O 3 to ICD10 where no ICD10 would be generated for some rare morphologies.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab No longer displays patient record numbers but patent ids as results of the person search.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implemented the GUI to let the user select types of algorithms for each variable in the person search, like alpha, number and date as well as soundex.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved the database structure editor.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implemented user selectable types of algorithms for each variable in the person search, like alpha, number and date as well as soundex. This can be stored in the system definition XML file.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implemented a better way to store the person searcher in an XML.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated the about.html.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Table builder and export/report now launches faster.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab More info button added to the welcome frame.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Latest News menu option: Added functionality to read the CanReg Twitter/RSS feed directly from the program.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Check to see if a standard variable is already mappe to a variable in the database during system setup/tailoring.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab DatabaseStructure editor now displays a warning message if minimum required variables are not in place.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Improved the GUI of the database variable editor screen.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Code: Added override annotations, replaced some printstacktraces with proper logging of errors, replaced vectors with lists\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug where the compound dictionaries did not detect faulty (truncated) codes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Variable names are sorted in the rangefilter and the fastfilter.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated the welcome frame.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Performance improvements.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Updated the about box.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.02\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fixed a bug when the standard variable is a string of 0 lenght.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Tidied some code.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added a menu option to file bug/issue reports.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Dictionary Editor: Now uses StringBuilder to improve performance and allow for editing of bigger dictionaries.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Handbook: Updated FAQ\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 5.00.01\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Database: fixed a bug where some filters didn\u8217't work when joining two (or more) tables.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Import: handles better errors when one line does not have enough elements, the apache licenced csvreader now used to parse the infile.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Database: fixed a memory leak issue, improved efficiency of import function, improved error handling\sa180\par}
}
