package 'assertthat' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
assertthat_0.2.0.zip installedpackage 'backports' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
backports_1.1.2.zip installedpackage 'base64enc' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
base64enc_0.1-3.zip installedpackage 'BH' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
BH_1.66.0-1.zip installedpackage 'bmp' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
bmp_0.3.zip installedpackage 'Cairo' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
Cairo_1.5-9.zip installedpackage 'cli' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
cli_1.0.1.zip installedpackage 'colorspace' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
colorspace_1.3-2.zip installedpackage 'crayon' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
crayon_1.3.4.zip installedpackage 'data.table' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
data.table_1.11.8.zip installedpackage 'digest' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
digest_0.6.18.zip installedpackage 'evaluate' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
evaluate_0.12.zip installedpackage 'fansi' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
fansi_0.4.0.zip installedpackage 'flextable' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
flextable_0.4.6.zip installedpackage 'gdtools' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
gdtools_0.1.7.zip installedpackage 'ggplot2' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
ggplot2_3.1.0.zip installedpackage 'glue' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
glue_1.3.0.zip installedpackage 'gridExtra' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
gridExtra_2.3.zip installedpackage 'gtable' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
gtable_0.2.0.zip installedpackage 'highr' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
highr_0.7.zip installedpackage 'htmltools' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
htmltools_0.3.6.zip installedpackage 'httpuv' successfully unpacked and MD5 sums checked
httpuv_1.4.5.zip installed